net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/camera/PreviewCallback.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.camera.PreviewCallback
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/CaptureActivityHandler.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.CaptureActivityHandler
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.CaptureActivityHandler$State
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/FinishListener.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.FinishListener
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/DecodeFormatManager.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.DecodeFormatManager
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/IntentIntegrator.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.IntentIntegrator
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/playvision/camera/GraphicOverlay.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.GraphicOverlay
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/Contents.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.Contents
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.Contents$Type
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/IntentResult.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.IntentResult
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/IntentSource.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.IntentSource
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/camera/open/OpenCameraInterface.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.camera.open.OpenCameraInterface
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/ViewfinderResultPointCallback.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.ViewfinderResultPointCallback
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/result/ParsedResult.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.result.ParsedResult
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/DecodeThread.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.DecodeThread
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/result/ParsedResultType.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.result.ParsedResultType
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/result/ResultHandler.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.result.ResultHandler
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/camera/CameraConfigurationManager.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.camera.CameraConfigurationManager
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/ViewfinderView.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.ViewfinderView
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/DecodeHintManager.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.DecodeHintManager
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/playvision/camera/CameraSource.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$1
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$AutoFocusCallback
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$AutoFocusMoveCallback
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$Builder
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$CameraAutoFocusCallback
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$CameraAutoFocusMoveCallback
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$CameraPreviewCallback
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$FlashMode
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$FocusMode
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$FrameProcessingRunnable
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$PictureCallback
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$PictureDoneCallback
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$PictureStartCallback
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$ShutterCallback
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSource$SizePair
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/DecodeHandler.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.DecodeHandler
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/camera/FrontLightMode.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.camera.FrontLightMode
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/camera/CameraManager.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.camera.CameraManager
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/playvision/PlayVision.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.PlayVision
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/result/TextResultHandler.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.result.TextResultHandler
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/camera/open/OpenCamera.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.camera.open.OpenCamera
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/CaptureActivity.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.CaptureActivity
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.CaptureActivity$1
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/Intents.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.Intents
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.Intents$Encode
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.Intents$History
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.Intents$Scan
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.Intents$SearchBookContents
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.Intents$Share
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.Intents$WifiConnect
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/InactivityTimer.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.InactivityTimer
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.InactivityTimer$1
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.InactivityTimer$InactivityAsyncTask
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.InactivityTimer$PowerStatusReceiver
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/camera/AutoFocusManager.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.camera.AutoFocusManager
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.camera.AutoFocusManager$1
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.camera.AutoFocusManager$AutoFocusTask
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/playvision/camera/SquareQRGraphic.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.SquareQRGraphic
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/camera/open/CameraFacing.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.camera.open.CameraFacing
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/result/ResultHandlerFactory.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.result.ResultHandlerFactory
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.result.ResultHandlerFactory$1
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/BuildConfig.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.BuildConfig
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/AmbientLightManager.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.AmbientLightManager
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/playvision/camera/CameraSourcePreview.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSourcePreview
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSourcePreview$1
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.playvision.camera.CameraSourcePreview$SurfaceCallback
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/result/TextParsedResult.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.result.TextParsedResult
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/BeepManager.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.BeepManager
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/result/ResultParser.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.result.ResultParser
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/result/ResultButtonListener.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.result.ResultButtonListener
net/aliaslab/securecall/flexqrreader/zxing/android/camera/CameraConfigurationUtils.java
 net.aliaslab.securecall.flexqrreader.zxing.android.camera.CameraConfigurationUtils
